Job interview conversation Today, we will watch a job interview conversation between Robert and Jane. Let's start. May I come in, sir? Please, come in. Good evening. My name is Robert, and I am the owner of this company. Please have your sit. Thank you, Robert. I am Jane Frost. It's nice to meet you. How are you doing, Jane? Yes, I am fine. Jane, today I will take your interview, so let's start. Yeah, sure. Welcome to Modern Design Company. We are a graphic and editing company, and we are looking for a designer in our company. Oh, great. So, are you fresher? No, actually I worked in a marketing company. And now I am looking for a better opportunity. Nice. Can I have your resume? Sure, here you go. Okay, Jane, now tell me a little about yourself. I went to the University of California, and majored in graphic design. I started my career at a marketing company. I worked there about two years. Now, I want to work in a progressive company, with more creative members. Oh, nice. We have a lot of creative departments and designers. And they are so friendly. Hope you will like that. That's great. I would like to work with them, to share my creativity and learn from others. So, you are a good learner. And this workplace is so friendly and comfortable. Yes, I am so excited. Okay, Jane. Now tell me, what is your strength? I believe, my strongest trait is my attention to detail. And I have always been a great team player. I am good, at keeping a team together and producing quality work, in a team environment. Great. So where do you see yourself, in next five years? In five years, I see myself as a valued employee of this company. I want to be an expert, at my position, and start training to be a manager. Also my goal is to become a lead in five years. Although, not everyone gets promoted to this level, I believe, I can achieve this goal through hard work. What does success mean, to you Jane? Success means, to achieve a goal I have set for myself. Success means, to produce high quality work, before the deadline. Nice answer. Can you work well, under pressure? I enjoy working under pressure, because I believe, it helps me grow. In my previous experience, I always worked well, during deadlines, and I always learned, how to work more efficiently afterwards. So, how do you make important decisions? I gather all the information, I can find and based on the information, I'll come to the best decision I can. If I know a co-worker was in a similar situation, I wouldn't hesitate to find out the results, to make sure my decision is the best one. Okay Jane. Interview done. Do you have any question for me? No, I think I have a pretty good understanding of the job. I believe, that I can handle it with ease, and I hope to have the opportunity, to work for you. Yeah, I hope so. Nice meeting you Jane. Thank you for coming. Nice meeting you too. And thank you so much. End of the interview. Important tips. Introduce yourself first. Speak clearly. Be polite. Be confident. Be optimistic. And do not forget to wear nice and clean dress.